# Apprenticeship_eBooks
Apprenticeship Assignment - eBooks


City & Guilds Level 4 Diploma for IT Professionals      (Systems and Principles) 

7630-041 Unit 431 
Website design This assignment should be completed using an actual web site/application in the work environment as a basis for the tasks to be undertaken. The work place scenario should be agreed with your tutor or assessor before beginning the assignment. If this is not feasible then the scenario below should be used.

Scenario/context
You are employed as a web developer and your company has been approached by a local author who self-publishes his work in the form of eBooks. He wishes to sell his work through a web site where registered users may order electronic copies and then download them directly. The author already has a website and member registration functionality so he requires a shopping cart extension where a registered user can request download of one or more books in a chosen format (not all formats are available for all books). The cart should receive and validate the member registration number and, once validated, allow the member to add or remove books to or from the cart. If a book is requested in more than one format only one fee will be incurred. When ready, the member may checkout his request and the order will then be processed and added to the database. The cart will show the full order details including total cost and also the unique identifier generated by the database for each download. This will need to be entered when the member decides to download his books. Note: only the shopping cart functionality is requiredat this time. Order payment and book download will be created separately.The author wishes to spend his time writing and not answering queries so the web site should also offer onscreen help to assist users to request books with the minimum of support. A script has been provided which will create and populate a SQL Server database with the books shown below and a number of users.
